Update mobile home page for 1.9 release (#733)
pytorch/pytorch.github.io: _mobile/home.md

* Support for tracing and scripting via TorchScript IR
* Support for XNNPACK floating point kernel libraries for Arm CPUs
* Integration of QNNPACK for 8-bit quantized kernels. Includes support for per-channel quantization, dynamic quantization and more

> * Provide [efficient mobile interpreter in Android and iOS](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/prototype/lite_interpreter.html). Also supports build level optimization and selective compilation depending on the operators needed for user applications, i.e., the final binary size of the app is determined by the actual operators the app needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provides an [efficient mobile interpreter in Android and iOS](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/prototype/lite_interpreter.html). Also supports build level optimization and selective compilation depending on the operators needed for user applications (i.e., the final binary size of the app is determined by the actual operators the app needs).
```
